Executive Summary:

    My web design for this project heavily drew upon BIG and PUNCHY art.
I started looking at large companies and how they were using product
placement on their websites, along with what other photographers were doing on
their websites. I found that there is a clear trend towards big and boastful
billboard style websites where the product, or the photos, are front and center
and quickly get the users attention in whatever they are looking at.

    As you can see, on my website, I was able to clearly articulate this
design pattern while keeping the site dynamic. I could have simply stacked the
photos on top on one another to represent the "big art trend", but I
had the idea to put my landscape oriented images across the whole screen,
and my portrait oriented images in rows of 2. This keeps the design lively and
allows the eye to not get bored looking at one image at a time as the user
scrolls through the site.

    I would have done more in the way of making pages, but with the limited space
available to us on our UW server partition, I kept my site concise and consistent.
Despite all the photos, I was able to still make a site that loads very quickly
because when I exported my images from Adobe Lightroom I downed the ppi to 72, along
with keeping the rest of the data minimal. The downsize of the resolution obviously played
a huge role in cutting loading times, because some of my images start an more than 20mb
in RAW format. All these factors are important for web use because my clients need the
convenience of being able to surf sites quickly and efficiently. More to the point,
having a slow site is bad for business.

    As for my target audience, I tried to keep the site a resizeable as possible for
mobile users, BUT my main targets are desktop users who want the full experience of
being immersed in my photography. I also believe that most users that are looking for
a photographer to hire, or to collaborate with, are going to want to review the images
they are basing their decision on very diligently, and are most likely to
be using a desktop platform. Therefore, my design with my images front and center,
big and boastful, is key in getting the clients that I want to work with, while still
impressing my peer professionals with the detail and quality of my work.

    To the same effect of big and punchy design, my color choice and font choice are
integral decisions that wrap the finer details of my site up, to compliment the entire
package. Black and orange have a very stark contrast and are different than what
most people think about using. I think that this color combination helps me stand
out in the muddled crowd of photographers and also highlights my images more effectively.
The black background really makes the images pop, even the black and whites. This is also
the case for my text, the orange text allows clear and concise reading, which is important
to the professionalism of the site. On the same note, my font choice, especially for my
title logo "DTC.dng" is very deliberate, I wanted a heavy weight, versatile, sans-serif
font that is easy to read but also makes a statement, in this case Lato from the Google
font database works extremely well.


**NOTE**
Bootstrap 4.1.1 was available for download, BUT whats interesting is that for whatever reason,
my IDE will not allow me to add it to a directory within the file I'm working in.
Very frustrating indeed, but I hope the CDN will suffice! It seems to be perfectly fine.

Primary sources of inspiration:

My REAL website via SquareSpace: https://www.dtcdng.com/
Big images/product placements: https://www.apple.com/
Huge resource and inspiration for BIG and punchy photos/design: https://jaredpolin.com/
